feat(expo): add built-in TextDecoder API for native (#29620)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/encoding.mdx

---
title: Encoding
description: Standard TextEncoder and TextDecoder APIs available on all Expo-supported platforms.
sourceCodeUrl: 'https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/expo'
packageName: 'expo'
platforms: ['android', 'ios', 'web', 'tvos']
---

The standard URL API is available on all Expo-supported platforms.

## Installation

This API is part of the `expo` package. Refer to the [browser and server runtime support](https://caniuse.com/textencoder) for web and Node.js.

## Usage

> `TextEncoder` and `TextDecoder` are available globally without needing to import them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TextEncoder` and `TextDecoder` are available globally without any need to import them.
```

Just a small suggestion to add a bit more clarity.

```js
// [104, 101, 108, 108, 111]
const hello = new TextEncoder().encode('hello');

// "hello"
const text = new TextDecoder().decode(hello);
```

## TextEncoder

> The `TextEncoder` API is included in the Hermes engine. See the source code here: [facebook/hermes > TextEncoder.cpp](https://github.com/facebook/hermes/blob/9e2bbf8eda15936ee00aee4f8e024ceaa7cd800d/lib/VM/JSLib/TextEncoder.cpp#L1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TextEncoder` API is included in the Hermes engine. See the [source code in TextEncoder.cpp inside Hermes GitHub repository](https://github.com/facebook/hermes/blob/9e2bbf8eda15936ee00aee4f8e024ceaa7cd800d/lib/VM/JSLib/TextEncoder.cpp#L1).
```

Let's spell out where the source code is and what file it is.

Reviewer 2: "inside the Hermes GitHub repository"

Reviewer: Thanks, update the above suggestion.
